# My First Mini Projects

<h3>Age determination</h3>
<p><strong>Task</strong>:<br />I need to write a program that reads a person's age. The program first asks the year of birth.</p>
<p><strong>小onclusion</strong>:<br>$ python3 Py-AgeDetermination.py<br>Today:<br>DD: 18<br>MM: 07<br>YYYY: 2022<br>You'r Birthday:<br>DD: 23<br>MM: 09<br>YYYY: 1992<br>Present Age:<br>Years: 29 Months: 9 Days: 25<br>$ g++ Cpp-AgeDetermination.cpp -o output<br>$ ./output<br>Today:<br>DD: 18<br>MM: 07<br>YYYY: 2022<br>You'r Birthday:<br>DD: 23<br>MM: 09<br>YYYY:1992<br>Present Age:<br>Years: 29 Months: 9 Days: 25</p>
<h3>Currency converter</h3>
<p><strong>Task</strong>:<br />Create a currency converter that receives data from the national bank using json, and outputs data on the value of the ruble to the dollar, euro and yuan. Run the program through the terminal.</p>
<p><strong>小onclusion</strong>:<br />$ python3 Py-CurrencyConverter.py<br>Dollar exchange rate:&nbsp; 61.3101<br>Euro exchange rate:&nbsp; 62.5695<br>Yuan exchange rate:&nbsp; 92.1636<br>1) Convert to dollars, Euros, yuan<br>2) Transfer from dollars, Euros, yuan<br><br>Choose your actions:<br>1<br>Enter the number of rubles: 500<br>The result of your transfer =&nbsp; 8.16<br>The result of your transfer =&nbsp; 7.99<br>The result of your transfer =&nbsp; 5.43<br>$ python3 Py-CurrencyConverter.py<br>Dollar exchange rate:&nbsp; 61.3101<br>Euro exchange rate:&nbsp; 62.5695<br>Yuan exchange rate:&nbsp; 92.1636<br>1) Convert to dollars, Euros, yuan<br>2) Transfer from dollars, Euros, yuan<br><br>Choose your actions:<br>2<br>Enter the number of dollars: 1000<br>Enter the number of euroes: 900<br>Enter the number of yuans: 100<br>The result of your transfer =&nbsp; 61310.10<br>The result of your transfer =&nbsp; 56312.55<br>The result of your transfer =&nbsp; 9216.36<br>$ python3 Py-CurrencyConverter.py<br>Dollar exchange rate:&nbsp; 61.3101<br>Euro exchange rate:&nbsp; 62.5695<br>Yuan exchange rate:&nbsp; 92.1636<br>1) Convert to dollars, Euros, yuan<br>2) Transfer from dollars, Euros, yuan<br><br>Choose your actions:<br>3<br>Error! Enter only 1 or 2<br>$ g++ Cpp-CurrencyConverter.cpp -o output<br>$ ./output<br>current dollar data: 61.3101<br>current euro data: 62.5695<br>current yuan data: 92.1636<br>1) Convert to dollars, Euros, yuan<br>2) Transfer from dollars, Euros, yuan<br>Choose your actions: 1<br>Enter the number of rubles: 500<br>The result of your transfer = 8.15526<br>The result of your transfer = 7.99111<br>The result of your transfer = 5.42514<br>$ ./output<br>current dollar data: 61.3101<br>current euro data: 62.5695<br>current yuan data: 92.1636<br>1) Convert to dollars, Euros, yuan<br>2) Transfer from dollars, Euros, yuan<br>Choose your actions: 2<br>Enter the number of dollars: 1000<br>Enter the number of euroes: 900<br>Enter the number of yuans: 100<br>The result of your transfer = 61310.1<br>The result of your transfer = 56312.6<br>The result of your transfer = 9216.36<br>$ ./output<br>current dollar data: 61.3101<br>current euro data: 62.5695<br>current yuan data: 92.1636<br>1) Convert to dollars, Euros, yuan<br>2) Transfer from dollars, Euros, yuan<br>Choose your actions: 3<br>Error! Enter only 1 or 2:</p>
<h3>小alculator</h3>
<p><strong>Task</strong>:<br />Create a simple calculator that runs through a terminal.</p>
<p><strong>小onclusion</strong>:<br>$ python3 Py-Calculator.py<br>Enter number1: 16<br>Enter number2: 0<br>Enter the operation: /<br>You cant divide by zero!<br>Do you want to continue? (y/n): t<br>Please enter the correct answer (y/n): t<br>Please enter the correct answer (y/n): y<br>Enter number1: 16<br>Enter number2: 1<br>Enter the operation: t<br>Invalid operation<br>Do you want to continue? (y/n): y<br>Enter number1: 16<br>Enter number2: 1<br>Enter the operation: -<br>15<br>Do you want to continue? (y/n): n<br>$ g++ Cpp-Calculator.cpp -o output<br>$ ./output<br>Enter number1: 16<br>Enter number2: 0<br>Enter the operation: /<br>You cant divide by zero!<br>Do you want to continue? (y/n): t<br>Please enter the correct answer (y/n): t<br>Please enter the correct answer (y/n): y<br>Enter number1: 16<br>Enter number2: 1<br>Enter the operation: t<br>Invalid operation<br>Do you want to continue? (y/n): y<br>Enter number1: 16<br>Enter number2: 1<br>Enter the operation: -<br>15<br>Do you want to continue? (y/n): n</p>